README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Tic-Tac-Toe

Tic Tac Toe is a game program for 2 players.They can play against each other and the board is displayed in between turns.

## Built With

Ruby

## How to run

1. Open Terminal.
2.  Write git clone https://github.com/deikdesign/tic-tac-toe
3. Go to the root directory.
4. Write "ruby ./bin/main.rb" in terminal.


Required: be sure to have ruby and git installed on your computer.

1. Open the Terminal and go to the folder you desire to clone the game in.
2. Clone this project by Writing "git clone https://github.com/deikdesign/tic-tac-toe"
3. Go inside the "tic-tac-toe" folder you've just cloned. (cd tic-tac-toe)
4. Write "ruby ./bin/main.rb" in the terminal to execute the game.

Or you can use our online demo on Repl.it:
https://repl.it/@chubaquelo/tic-tac-toe

## Game Instructions

Tic Tac Toe is a game for 2 players.
Each player can choose either to be "X" or "O" for each game.

The game has 9 places board and 9 turns. One turn per player to move.
To win the game, you have to be able to get an entire row completed with your chosen team ("X" or "O")

To win you can complete a row: horizontally, vertically or diagonal.

Win examples for "X":

![Tic-Tac-Toe](https://i.imgur.com/DIBNh8H.png)

## Authors

👤 **Sergio Obolevich**

- Github: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/chubaquelo)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/SergioObolevich)

👤 **Deyan Todorov**

- Github: [@deikdesign](https://github.com/deikdesign)
- Twitter: [@deikdesign](https://twitter.com/deikdesign)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!
Feel free to check the issues page.

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

## 📝 License

This project is MIT licensed.

Commit message:

Update README with Rspec Test Instructions

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Tic-Tac-Toe

Tic Tac Toe is a game program for 2 players.They can play against each other and the board is displayed in between turns.

## Built With

Ruby

## How to run

1. Open Terminal.
2.  Write git clone https://github.com/deikdesign/tic-tac-toe
3. Go to the root directory.
4. Write "ruby ./bin/main.rb" in terminal.


Required: be sure to have ruby and git installed on your computer.

1. Open the Terminal and go to the folder you desire to clone the game in.
2. Clone this project by Writing "git clone https://github.com/deikdesign/tic-tac-toe"
3. Go inside the "tic-tac-toe" folder you've just cloned. (cd tic-tac-toe)
4. Write "ruby ./bin/main.rb" in the terminal to execute the game.

Or you can use our online demo on Repl.it:
https://repl.it/@chubaquelo/tic-tac-toe

## Game Instructions

Tic Tac Toe is a game for 2 players.
Each player can choose either to be "X" or "O" for each game.

The game has 9 places board and 9 turns. One turn per player to move.
To win the game, you have to be able to get an entire row completed with your chosen team ("X" or "O")

To win you can complete a row: horizontally, vertically or diagonal.

Win examples for "X":

![Tic-Tac-Toe](https://i.imgur.com/DIBNh8H.png)

## Test Instructions

If you'd like to test the public methods on the game, you can do it using Rspec (already implemented on the code).<br>
For that, once the project is cloned in your computer, you need to go to the folder of the project in your terminal.

`$ cd <folder>`

Once inside the project folder, just type:

`$ rspec`

And you will receive the results for our rspec tests like this:

![Test Results](https://i.imgur.com/8rIBwV8.jpg)

## Authors

👤 **Sergio Obolevich**

- Github: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/chubaquelo)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/SergioObolevich)

👤 **Kinglsey Ibeh**

- Github: [@deikdesign](https://github.com/deikdesign)
- Twitter: [@deikdesign](https://twitter.com/deikdesign)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!
Feel free to check the issues page.

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

## 📝 License

This project is MIT licensed.
